# Todo-List

This is yet another project from The Odin Project curriculum, being the creation of a todo-list website. It is meant to be a practice project for all of the Javascript fundamentals that i've learned recently, to help in more complicated projects in the future.

In this project you can create and name your own projects and then add todos to them, with each todo having its title, due date, priority and description (only the title is mandatory). As you finish off your todos you can just check them to remove them from the page, or you can also edit any of its values if you want. The "Today" and "This Week" sections will show you any projects within their timeframe, and you can create todos for them as well, just keep in mind that the "Today" section isn't very reliable as Javascript has a very weird date system, so depending on where you are it may think that you are one day ahead (or behind, i'm not sure). Everything will be locally stored on your browser, so don't worry about closing the tab or turning off your system: everything will still be there afterwards.

While making this project i first focused mostly on the visual aspects of it, and then moved on to the Javascript portion, first making very simple visual changes as you clicked buttons and then working on dealing with projects as well as todos. Dealing with todos was by far the most time consuming part of the project, and it was honestly kinda painful at times. I then finished it off by implementing localStorage, which by itself is very simple.